contributions.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: My Open Source Contributions
permalink: /contributions/
---

<!--
The first column, Contribution, must be a hyperlink to the actual contribution,
such as the Wikipedia edit or pull request, etc., with a suitable name.
Type of the contribution should be "Wikipedia edit", "OpenStreet Map feature",
"Project Documentation", "Project Code", "Blog Edit", etc.

The Description should include a brief summary of what you did.

Replace the first row below with your contribution and add new ones below it
following the same syntax.

-->





| Week #       | Contribution (Link)  | Type  | Description |
|---|:---|:---|:---|
| 3 | [Added two stores to the map.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81029285#map=19/40.69291/-73.80902)    | OpenStreetMap feature |  Added a convenience store and variety store to the map. Updated building to reflect two distinct stores. |
| 3 | [Updated store closing.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81029469#map=19/40.70122/-73.80756)    | OpenStreetMap feature | Updated store status to retail space. Removed fast food chain from location. |
| 3 | [Updated store closings, added retail space.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81029588#map=19/40.70581/-73.79338) | OpenStreetMap feature | Updated clothing store closing. Updated restaurant closing. |
| 4 | [Added new hotel building to the map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367706) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added a new "Comfort Inn" location to the map |
| 4 | [Added furniture store to the map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367792) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added an exotic lighting and furniture store to the map. |
| 4 | [Added furniture store to the map, added a name to an unmarked building](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367814) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added additional space for a furniture store to the map. |
| 4 | [Added deli to the map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367919) | OpenStreetMap feature| Added a local deli and convenience store to the map. |
| 4 | [Added variety store point to the map.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367968) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added a "Dollar Tree" location to the map. |
| 4 | [PR for some rephrasing suggestions to a peer's blog.](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/MichelleLucero-weekly/pull/1) | Blog Edit | Added a few rephrasing suggestions to a peer's blog. |
| 5 | [Phrase Suggestion](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/gillybytes-weekly/pull/1) | Blog Edit | Suggested a rephrasing of a thought for a fellow peer's blog. |
| 6 | [Updated shoe store name to the map.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81937781#map=19/40.70189/-73.80753) | OpenStreetMap feature | Changed a shoe store status after the previous establishment went out of business. |
| 7 | [Added name to historic church on the map.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/82230242) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added name to local historic church. |
| 7 | [Modified historic church's gardenscape.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/82230172#map=19/40.70379/-73.80111) | OpenStreetMap feature | Modified historic church's gardenscape. |
| 7 | [PR for project evaluation (pending)](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/project-evaluation/pull/82) | Project Contribution | Submitted a project evaluation for the Ember.js project to the nyu-ossd-s20/project-evaluations repository. |
| 7 | [PR for 2 sentence restructuring suggestions](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/jaredwils-weekly/pull/3) | Blog Edit | Suggested a sentence rephrasing and a combined sentence pairing. |
| 8 | [PR for removed prompt logic](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/wongjessica-weekly/pull/2) | Blog Edit | Removed prompt logic left behind in a week 7 post. |
| 8 | [PR for suggested changes to sentence structuring and word usage](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Ks5810-weekly/pull/7) | Blog Edit | Added some suggestions to sentence structure and word usage to an introduction for a week 5 post. Also suggested some grammatical edits. |
| 8 | [Edited the Cosmological Constant Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Cosmological_constant&diff=prev&oldid=946877512) | Wikipedia Contribution | Removed unsubstantiated sentence on dark energy and how it relates to the cosmological constant. It didn't satisfy Wikipedia's [Verifiability](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Verifiability) needs. |
| 9 | [Added secondary source citation to the Edible Water Bottle article](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Edible_water_bottle&diff=prev&oldid=947377286) | Wikipedia Contribution | Added secondary source citation for crediting Skipping Rocks Lab invention. Made a minor grammatical edit. |
| 9 | [Fix with-aphrodite typo in README](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/pull/11436) | Next.js Contribution | Fix with-aphrodite typo in README. Changed This example features how yo use to This example features how to use. |
| 9 | [Added gem plugin to config file](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/MichelleLucero-weekly/pull/5) | Blog Edit | Edited config.yml file. Added emoji-support for MichelleLucero's blog :sparkles: |
| 9 | [Added gem plugin to config file](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/liulanz-weekly/pull/11) | Blog Edit | Edited config.yml file. Added emoji-support for Liulanz's blog :sparkles: |
| 9 | [Edits to King Manor article](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=King_Manor&diff=prev&oldid=948073836) | Wikipedia Contribution | Made a few grammatical edits to the first two sentences in the summary section to the King Manor article. |
| 9 | [Edits to Sewing Machine article](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sewing_machine&diff=prev&oldid=948082745) | Wikipedia Contribution | Rephrased some sentences on home sewing machines versus the modern sewing machine. Removed an unnecessary comma. |
| 10 | [PR to minor grammatical edits](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Mtarek7900-weekly/pull/4) | Blog Edit | Minor grammatical edits to first sentence of a week 08 blog. |
| 10 | [PR to minor typo edit](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Nannaquin-weekly/pull/4) | Blog Edit | Fixed a minor typo in a week 08 blog. |
| 10 | [Capitalized section headings](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Therianthropy&diff=prev&oldid=949843480) | Wikipedia Contribution | Capitalized section headings in Therianthropy wiki-article. |
| 10 | [Expanded Animal Spirits section](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Therianthropy&diff=prev&oldid=949850656) | Wikipedia Contribution | Expanded the section on Animal Spirits by adding linguistic translations to the terms referencing cultural beliefs of the Solomon Islands in Melanesia for the Therianthropy wiki-article. |
| 10 | [Minor grammar suggestions](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/MichelleLucero-weekly/pull/6) | Blog Edit | Suggested some phrase changes |
| 10 | [Minor grammar suggestions](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/ElijahCano33-weekly/pull/9) | Blog Edit | Suggested some phrase changes, fixed a typo |
| 10 | [with-docker typo fix](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/pull/11760) | Next.js Contribution | Grammar fix in the with-docker Next.js example README file. |

Commit message:

:see_no_evil: added week 11 PRs

contributions.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: My Open Source Contributions
permalink: /contributions/
---

<!--
The first column, Contribution, must be a hyperlink to the actual contribution,
such as the Wikipedia edit or pull request, etc., with a suitable name.
Type of the contribution should be "Wikipedia edit", "OpenStreet Map feature",
"Project Documentation", "Project Code", "Blog Edit", etc.

The Description should include a brief summary of what you did.

Replace the first row below with your contribution and add new ones below it
following the same syntax.

-->





| Week #       | Contribution (Link)  | Type  | Description |
|---|:---|:---|:---|
| 3 | [Added two stores to the map.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81029285#map=19/40.69291/-73.80902)    | OpenStreetMap feature |  Added a convenience store and variety store to the map. Updated building to reflect two distinct stores. |
| 3 | [Updated store closing.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81029469#map=19/40.70122/-73.80756)    | OpenStreetMap feature | Updated store status to retail space. Removed fast food chain from location. |
| 3 | [Updated store closings, added retail space.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81029588#map=19/40.70581/-73.79338) | OpenStreetMap feature | Updated clothing store closing. Updated restaurant closing. |
| 4 | [Added new hotel building to the map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367706) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added a new "Comfort Inn" location to the map |
| 4 | [Added furniture store to the map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367792) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added an exotic lighting and furniture store to the map. |
| 4 | [Added furniture store to the map, added a name to an unmarked building](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367814) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added additional space for a furniture store to the map. |
| 4 | [Added deli to the map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367919) | OpenStreetMap feature| Added a local deli and convenience store to the map. |
| 4 | [Added variety store point to the map.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81367968) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added a "Dollar Tree" location to the map. |
| 4 | [PR for some rephrasing suggestions to a peer's blog.](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/MichelleLucero-weekly/pull/1) | Blog Edit | Added a few rephrasing suggestions to a peer's blog. |
| 5 | [Phrase Suggestion](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/gillybytes-weekly/pull/1) | Blog Edit | Suggested a rephrasing of a thought for a fellow peer's blog. |
| 6 | [Updated shoe store name to the map.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81937781#map=19/40.70189/-73.80753) | OpenStreetMap feature | Changed a shoe store status after the previous establishment went out of business. |
| 7 | [Added name to historic church on the map.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/82230242) | OpenStreetMap feature | Added name to local historic church. |
| 7 | [Modified historic church's gardenscape.](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/82230172#map=19/40.70379/-73.80111) | OpenStreetMap feature | Modified historic church's gardenscape. |
| 7 | [PR for project evaluation](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s20/project-evaluation/pull/82) | **NYU** Project Evaluation | Submitted a project evaluation for the Ember.js project to the nyu-ossd-s20/project-evaluations repository. |
| 7 | [PR for 2 sentence restructuring suggestions](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/jaredwils-weekly/pull/3) | Blog Edit | Suggested a sentence rephrasing and a combined sentence pairing. |
| 8 | [PR for removed prompt logic](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/wongjessica-weekly/pull/2) | Blog Edit | Removed prompt logic left behind in a week 7 post. |
| 8 | [PR for suggested changes to sentence structuring and word usage](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Ks5810-weekly/pull/7) | Blog Edit | Added some suggestions to sentence structure and word usage to an introduction for a week 5 post. Also suggested some grammatical edits. |
| 8 | [Edited the Cosmological Constant Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Cosmological_constant&diff=prev&oldid=946877512) | Wikipedia Contribution | Removed unsubstantiated sentence on dark energy and how it relates to the cosmological constant. It didn't satisfy Wikipedia's [Verifiability](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Verifiability) needs. |
| 9 | [Added secondary source citation to the Edible Water Bottle article](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Edible_water_bottle&diff=prev&oldid=947377286) | Wikipedia Contribution | Added secondary source citation for crediting Skipping Rocks Lab invention. Made a minor grammatical edit. |
| 9 | [Fix with-aphrodite typo in README](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/pull/11436) | **Next.js** Contribution | Fix with-aphrodite typo in README. Changed This example features how yo use to This example features how to use. |
| 9 | [Added gem plugin to config file](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/MichelleLucero-weekly/pull/5) | Blog Edit | Edited config.yml file. Added emoji-support for MichelleLucero's blog :sparkles: |
| 9 | [Added gem plugin to config file](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/liulanz-weekly/pull/11) | Blog Edit | Edited config.yml file. Added emoji-support for Liulanz's blog :sparkles: |
| 9 | [Edits to King Manor article](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=King_Manor&diff=prev&oldid=948073836) | Wikipedia Contribution | Made a few grammatical edits to the first two sentences in the summary section to the King Manor article. |
| 9 | [Edits to Sewing Machine article](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sewing_machine&diff=prev&oldid=948082745) | Wikipedia Contribution | Rephrased some sentences on home sewing machines versus the modern sewing machine. Removed an unnecessary comma. |
| 10 | [PR to minor grammatical edits](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Mtarek7900-weekly/pull/4) | Blog Edit | Minor grammatical edits to first sentence of a week 08 blog. |
| 10 | [PR to minor typo edit](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/Nannaquin-weekly/pull/4) | Blog Edit | Fixed a minor typo in a week 08 blog. |
| 10 | [Capitalized section headings](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Therianthropy&diff=prev&oldid=949843480) | Wikipedia Contribution | Capitalized section headings in Therianthropy wiki-article. |
| 10 | [Expanded Animal Spirits section](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Therianthropy&diff=prev&oldid=949850656) | Wikipedia Contribution | Expanded the section on Animal Spirits by adding linguistic translations to the terms referencing cultural beliefs of the Solomon Islands in Melanesia for the Therianthropy wiki-article. |
| 10 | [Minor grammatical suggestions](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/MichelleLucero-weekly/pull/6) | Blog Edit | Suggested some phrase changes |
| 10 | [Minor grammatical suggestions](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/ElijahCano33-weekly/pull/9) | Blog Edit | Suggested some phrase changes, fixed a typo |
| 10 | [with-docker typo fix](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/pull/11760) | **Next.js** Contribution | Grammar fix in the with-docker Next.js example README file. |
| 11 | [with-env-from-next-config-js README modification](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/pull/12153) | **Next.js** Contribution | Added a line to the with-env-from-next-config-js example README to include a link to Next.js's new docs on setting up environment variables in a Next.js project. |
| 11 | [PR to Quick Start Docs Suggestion](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-docs/pull/752) | **Cloudflare** Contribution | Suggested some changes to two sections in Cloudflare's *Quick Start* tutorial for setting up *Workers*. I provided an updated workflow for accessing a user's API token and Global API token from the client side. |
