---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---


## [Musings on business models for open source software](https://spot.livejournal.com/327801.html)

While it should be noted that Tom Callaway's perspective on Open Source business models is biased towards Red Hat's model, it's interesting to hear his reasoning behind the company's financial success sans an *open core* concept. I learned a few things by reading this article:
  - ***How other companies with "open source" sections make money***. Out of all the models that Callaway introduces, I found the FUD model to be the most amusing because it relies on a client's "fear, uncertainty, and doubt":scream: in a company's open source code to profit from *"commercial"* licenses. While it does make sense, its message almost feels anti-open source. At least that's how Callaway is selling it to us :joy:. I was also surprised to find out that this was the business model for MongoDB, but it ultimately explained the proprietary vibes I got from using the program.
  - ***Not everything that sounds too good to be true is.*** Callaway touts this idyllic scenario where not only can anyone look at and contribute to Red Hat's codebase, but Red Hat itself can profit from it. This profit comes from what Callaway describes as the *"value beyond binary deliverables"* that Red Hat gives its customers because of the expansive development pool that it has access to by design. In Red Hat's case, that's a win-win. Unlimited free collaborators and a sizeable profit margin.  

## [Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?](https://opensource.com/article/19/9/voting-fraud-open-source-solution) 

## `if(only_open_source) {...}`
Would I want to work at a company that *only* produced open source software? Honestly, it's hard to say right now. As I become more familiar with Open Source communities I want to tread lightly. It's easy to be comsumed by an echo chamber of thought and belief, and I would want to diversify my exposure to Open Source projects a little more before deciding if this is the space I want to thrive in as a budding Computer Scientist and Software developer. That being said, I've looked into Red Hat multiple times before taking this class or even realizing that it was one of the most financially successful Open Source companies in the world. So maybe I do have some predisposition by default...:wink:


### `$ cd Next.js`
### `$ git log --reverse`

#### `commit message Tuesday April 21`:sound::


## Contributions Made This Week :fire:
