---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## Vicky Brasseur and Open Source 

Brasseur's talk was the one that I was missing this whole semester in learning Open Source. I hear it from my peers. I hear it from my professors. Open Source this, Open Source that, propritary software sucks. While I love the concept of Open Source, many FOSS projects that I've been exposed to *before* pursuing a CS major wasn't spectacular. It's no secret that proprietary software takes something from you in order to provide you with the *free* services and great user-experiences that it does. So once or twice, I was *priveleged* enough to know that I should seek alternative options and became acquainted with the term Open Source. Today, I am *truly* priveleged to be able to read code and understand what even a small portion of it means. But back then I couldn't. So any attempt to use Open Source Software was usually met with user-*un*friendly interfaces and clunky design schemes. I had often associated these characteristics with Open Source Software, until I took this course :joy:. It was also what I had often *opted-out* of in favor of some Google-flavored free proprietary software. If I noticed the program glitching, or slowing down, I trashed it. I didn't report bugs or issues on GitHub or GitLab or SourceForge. I am priveleged to even know what half of the previous sentence means today. Not everyone does. In fact most users won't. So if you openly flinch when your users report bugs and request features that they are not *priveleged* enough to be able to fix "themselves" or create "themselves", then you are isolating a big portion of your community. I appreciated that Brasseur touched upon this aspect of Open Source communities and the importance of usership. 

## [2019 Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 (2019-nCoV) Data Repository by Johns Hopkins CSSE](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19) 


Numerous open source projects have started to help track the Covid-19 pandemic, provide helpful datasets, and mor/.e. One of these is hosted on GitHub: Does this seem like a project to which you might be able to contribute to? Would you contribute if you had time?



## Code.gov is the U.S. Government's portal to the open source projects maintained by the federal government. Visit this site and then visit the Explore Open Tasks pages. Are there tasks or issues that interest you? Find the GitHub repositories and see whether there are ways to contribute. How do you feel about the government's initiative?




## Contributions Made This Week

---

#### *'Til next time,*
#### Shania
# :mushroom:
