---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## *Judging a Project by its GitHub Repo (...more or less)*

<!-- Comment on the project evaluation that you did in class. What was hard? what did you learn? Are you interested in the particular project that you evaluated now? What was the hardest task? Do not limit yourself to these questions. -->
<!-- From the current set of projects listed in the wiki, including those added by your classmates, which is your first choice to work on? -->

As it turns out, choosing an open source project to contribute to is tough work. There are many things to consider about a project, such as its *License* , it's *Activity Level*, its *Codebase and Code Documentation*, and its *Community Welcomeness* when deciphering if it's a good fit for you. For the projects that I evaluated this week ( [Zulip](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/project-evaluation/blob/master/zulip_evaluation_2.md) and [Godot](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/project-evaluation/blob/master/godot_evaluation.md) ) I found that the hardest aspects to evaluate for both projects was the *community's welcomeness* section and the *community's activity level* section. The big takeaway from this excercise was ***Don't Judge a Project solely by its GitHub Page*** :octocat:. 



### Learning The Tricks of the Trade: :computer:
**It's a Scavenger Hunt**: 
- While a project's GitHub repo can reveal a lot about the project at a glance--it doesn't reveal everything. For example, the most revealing evidence about the Zulip's *community welcomeness* to new-comers came from the project's developer chat channel--not from discussions happening on GitHub. Since most of the communications within the project's pull requests and issues on GitHub were actually between community members and the ZulipBot system, it was hard to gauge how welcoming the core maintainers of the project actually were to new-comers. A few more minutes of hunting through a dozen more of recently closed issues and pull requests would be more telling of the project's community ettiquette, but so was simply checking the project's chat channel. (Although, I did do the former first, my confidence was solidifed by the latter). After a few seconds of roaming on the project's developer chat channel I instantly found support channels for new-comers, lengthy conversations between new-comers and established community members, and current bugs, updates, and features in the works. It was a great way to get a sense of what it would actually be like to be a part of the community.
- On the other hand, for the Godot project evaluation that I completed earlier this week, hunting through the commentary embedded within closed pull requests and issues alone were telling of the community's treatment towards new-comers since there was no automated response system used (so GitHub's still a good place to start :smile:). 

**Filtering Out the Past**: Learning how to customize my [filter](https://help.github.com/en/github/searching-for-information-on-github/searching-issues-and-pull-requests) when searching through a project's pull requests and issues greatly simplified the calculations  related to determining a project's *activity level*. Since determining the project's *activity level* requires accuracy and careful evaluation, I found determining this information to be difficult and tedious. Learning how to take advantage of this feature improved my overall FOSS project evaluation workflow.  

---
### Contenders :loop:
(In no particular order)
- [freeCodeCamp](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/project-evaluation/blob/master/freecodecamp_evaluation.md) ( It's a community that I can not only get behind, but would love to be a part of. Plus, I have a lot of experience with using JavaScript. )
- [Zulip](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/project-evaluation/blob/master/zulip_evaluation_2.md) ( There are some interesting things happening in this project that seem like it would be cool to contribute to. Drawbacks would include my limited ability to contribute to the codebase itself, since I am unfamiliar with Python/Django on a professional level.)
- [TEAMMATES](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/project-evaluation/blob/master/teammates_evaluation_2.md) ( It's an open source educational tool and something I think I would enjoy contributing to. While I'm only familiar with some of the tools used in the project, the stack is one that I'm interested in learning. The documentation looks promising and easy to understand. After reading my peer's evaluation on this project, my only concern lies in downloading the project itself. )

---
#### Contributions Made This Week/ FOSS on the Side:

This week I submited another phrase suggestion to a fellow peer's blog. Like always, it's a pleasure to read a peer's blog and learn more about their passions and FOSS interests. I also explored some other FOSS projects outside of the classroom such as the Node.js project. While I didn't get to create a project evaluation for this project I hope to create one soon for fun. This is not only a project I use often in Fullstack devloping, but it is one that I can contribute code to (since the project is JavaScript based).

--- 
##### *'Til next time,*
##### Shania
### :mushroom: