---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


## *Skills Useful to FOSS Projects*
### Powerups I've acquired since `int life = 0` :

Outside of the classroom skills:  
- *<b>Creativity</b>* : Although I won't be claiming an *art major* anytime soon :smile:, I consider myself to be a creative person. I like to build things from scratch (both in the physical and virtual realm) and enjoy being expressive through art. This can be a useful skill in improving a project's interface and design and for adding a new perspective to a project's community. The benefits of creativity doesn't stop at art, for it can lead to potentially innovative programming solutions.    
- *<b>Programming Skills</b>* : Through my previous internship experiences, I've had the opportunity to use a variety of Fullstack Web Development tools and technologies related to the MERN and NERD teck stacks. This background may make it easier for me to contribute to Web based projects in a meaningful and impactful way. For example, I can help test features in the project and check for bugs. I can also (potentially) contribute code or refactor existing code in a way that improves the project's overall extensibility and matainability.  

Classroom skills that are still pretty *Nifty* :  
- *<b>Outgoing and active in collaborative discussions</b>* : If needed, I can be very outgoing and active in collaborative discussions. While I may assert my own viewpoint, I care about everyone's opinion and feedback. Afterall, diverse discussions lead to the best product results and active communication between team members will point out flaws or shortcomings that were not intially accounted for. This could be a vital skill to have when communicating about potential contributions to a virtual FOSS community.  
- *<b>Notes for the future</b>* : Over the years of rigorous coursework, I've developed the ability to not only take good notes, but to *organize* them in a clear and concise way. This skill can be used to contribute to a project's documentation page, or in writing tutorials for the product.  
- *<b>Nothing like a good jigsaw puzzle</b>* : I've always enjoyed solving *actual* jigsaw puzzles, so it's no surprise that I like solving coding puzzles too. In fact, a big part of my passion for programming and mathematics comes from my interest in puzzle-solving in general. So when it comes to troubleshooting bugs and putting pieces together, this is a skill that will come in handy for tackling my bigger contribution goals for this course, such as contributing bug fixes, or code that is meaningful to the project *(see week 2 post)*.  
    
---
### Free-Time Fillers  

For the most part, I like participating in any kind of creative activity on my free-time, including, but not limited to the following:
  * Sketching/Painting/Coloring
  * Paper-Crafting  (Origami and [Quilling](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/quilling#English))
  * Baking 
  
Activities that are not creatively-based but find a place in my schedule include:
  * Programming (Fullstack Applications)
  * Tutoring/Teaching
  * Reading novels, comics, poems, plays, and short stories
  * Binge-watching Sci-fi TV shows

   
The list of things that I'm interested in is limitless because the thing I enjoy doing the most is
##### *<b>Learning how to do new things</b>*  
---
### Contributions Made This Week

This week I made a few contributions to OpenStreet Map. I updated four different store listings, modified one building status, added two retail spaces to the map and removed three stores that no longer exist from the map. Links to these specific contributions can be found in the *Contributions* tab above.  

--- 
#### *'Til next time,*
#### Shania
# :mushroom:
